I have a hard yes that I do like what's
happening but I do think it is painful
and there is kind of the justification
as an ad carry player to be like man
this kind of sucks well we're done with
the first week of summer split I'm
joined right now by jet with covers
presented by Omni slash talked a little
bit about how everything went so first
off seems like a pretty explosive
entrance into the summer split lots of
upsets lots of interesting things meta
stuff seems exciting what's your take on
the first weekend here definitely really
fast like I remember the first weekend
spring our average game times were up
around 38 or 40 minutes and especially
over in Korea they were like 41 this
year I think we're closer to 30 the
split we're closer to 30 so the game is
a lot faster is that good do you like
the the shorter games is it is it does
it not matter I mean what's your kind of
take on the difference in time game
length yeah so I like fast games as long
as I feel like the game is worthwhile
throughout right if there's a game and
nothing happens for 12 minutes then they
take a turret after getting a gank off
and it's effectively over I don't like
that and right now I actually I
personally feel like they're probably a
little bit fast for my liking the pace
feels a little off to me of course a lot
of that has to do with players not
really knowing what they're doing on all
the champions that they're picking and
just how quickly they all had to adapt
to patch 811 because in past years the
midseason patch was all at once right
and then it was usually a month before
we even played pro games but they
decided to do the midseason patch in a
series of patches 8 9 8 10 8 11 and 8 11
is when stuff really got crazy and it's
also the patch we played on for the
first week of the league so I think
teams have just had less time to prepare
than ever before what what did you think
of the golden Guardians game in
particular because that was one of the
biggest subsets to me not just because
yeah Lisa falling not just because of
the fact that Golden Gardens beat Team
Liquid but that they did it in such a
short period of time is that just an
artifact of the meta or what's going on
there but like I think golden Guardians
had moments last year where they were up
huge early on in games
let's keep saying last year no everybody
does that the break for msi was three
weeks this year so last split golden
Guardians had those games were thereof
like five or seven K but we did some
talking in the countdown pre-show that
we do today where stuff like bounty gold
only kicks in after three kills as
opposed to before when it was after one
or two
so like when golden Guardians would get
these five or seven thousand gold early
leads last split you give up one kill
here and the rubber band is a lot
stronger whereas that's kind of been
removed right here so I think it's
partially that it's partially and I'm
friends with doublelift him being
boosted on Vladimir early on in the game
didn't play very well with Olli and like
even some of the team fights were awful
it was teamwork with not knowing how to
play their composition golden Guardians
playing really well and a game being in
a place where you can snowball so a lot
of things come together I think Emily
tweeted out a stat which was something
around the idea that North America's
just staying on mark spend more than any
other region right now like other
regions are sub 50% marksman picks like
Korea but we are we're up there at like
80 percent or something why is it that
we're not seeing as much of that over
here North Americans just afraid to try
out other stuff I mean why are we
sticking with the marksman or they know
what's better honestly I'm not 100% sure
I know Korea has the fewest I think and
then it's a slow mix with na especially
today really going back to it a lot I
think as a lot of people are saying it's
it's kind of their best guess as to
what's good and it also depends how many
other skill sets you have so you have
certain ad carries in the league that
when they don't get marksmen in
soloqueue they either like hard ask for
one played in mid lane or dodge he says
he just dodges has you said that my
interview with them so that's the team
that's probably better off picking
marksmen and then you also have the
players like wildturtle who have played
Phil for four years so if you have
developed the skill set then you should
go into these other things but I would
actually say hell if any has the most
marksmen picks there should have been
more because a lot of the brand's we saw
a lot of Vladimir's we saw just were not
go to the champions yet I think maybe
there's a chance the Korean ad carry's
had spent more time in their pasts
playing mages
because that's really what does it I
don't think any of these guys are
picking up Latimer for the first time
and in one week making it per level I
think it's if they put it in the past
and I think and they just probably had
fewer guys that did that other than that
I do have to ask you about the the pause
that ended up with a gay man certainly
not your decision you're on the analyst
desk
keeping your mouth moving during that
break but do you have any thoughts on
that yeah I mean I just know when it
happened and I heard everyone deseeded
from the game I'm thinking that's
probably pretty bad I'm not sure what's
gonna happen we don't necessarily get
updates when it happens I'm still trying
to figure out like what I would have
done in that situation so I think from a
legal perspective they're gonna be
making their own statement on it and I'm
honestly not sure yet all right moving
on do you do you like the meadow right
now do you like the fact that we're
seeing all those zany stuff because I
know a lot of people have mixed feelings
on it
I have a hard yes that I do like what's
happening but I do think it is painful
and there is kind of the justification
as an ad carry player to be like man
this kind of sucks because through ever
throughout like League of Legends
history every role has kind of gone
through this oh like there's been
patches in the past where the team with
the really good carry junglers is like
the top of standings and then we put
cinderhulk in the game and well guess
the tank junglers are doing it ad
carries are the role that I think has
had to go through this the least of
anyone so like you saw a lot of them
just don't have the skill sets or
haven't even had to develop the skill
sets later to adapt and also I like to
see a pro product that is people playing
at the highest level and right now I
don't think that's happening because
people haven't had the time to figure it
out they haven't come to the right
conclusions and they haven't practiced
the champions enough so in like three or
four weeks hard yes I would much rather
see the lane swapping that we're seeing
the ability to play different styles the
ability to play mage in the bot lane and
Ellucian mid if you really want to or
tiesm it or any of these other things I
think that is super cool but I also want
to see it being done at the highest
level and that's not the case right now
final question does new studio looks
really cool what's it like for you to
sort of have all that stuff to play
it's really cool so people may not
realize this that is exactly the same
space that we were in before double
stream started then that space got
renovated for like the battle theater
and we moved into like what we call the
analyst s closet for a year and now
they've redid it kind of modernized it
again so it's really cool to be back not
only do we have the desk there we have
like three different looks with the
telestrator as well as like another area
where they're doing na LCS tonight right
now and we're gonna continue to try and
utilize that space as much as possible
it is so much better than being in the
annals closet will you be dancing every
time you do that stats cuz those moves
were amazing we have I I haven't heard
them because our producer keeps them
secret we have multiple jingle lyrics
sets of jingle lyrics so I'm gonna I'll
dance but I need to remember I need to
listen because I don't know what they
are anything you want to say to any of
the fans out there yeah thanks for
watching LCS summer split is cool and I
hope na does not suck when we play other
regions again Andrew travels is really
soon so we're gonna get to see that soon
hopefully hopefully we kick europe's but
once more you know they have the trophy
they have the plaque and the EU LCS
studio on display that they lost it's
like any rift rival champions surprise
they also we were there for like a week
right
they have like pictures of Kobe and
stuff in there being like look at all
the cool people we have here desperate
yeah suck in the fumes of na LCS thank
you so what's Jan for the interview for
else you can check out the rest of our
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel
this is she's the woman that does all
the emotes from my twitch channel and
she says she only does it for people who
were actually very popular so if you
don't sub to my channel and watch my
videos she said that she's never gonna
do any more emails her my twitch channel
see look she's already leaving because
I'm becoming less popular she's looking
for popular people to do emails for her
thanks so much to Omni slash but please
subscribe and go follow my twitch
channel which I also put in the
description when she's gone